The Mermaid and the Red Candles.

   Once upon a time, a beautiful mermaid lived off the shores of Japan. Throughout the mermaid’s life, she had been told how different humans were from mermaids. Particularly, that the humans were always warm and loving. When the mermaid gave birth, she wanted the most for her daughter and left the new born at a shrine on land.
   An elderly couple went to the same shrine that morning and found the mermaid babe. They never had children of their own, so they considered the child a blessing from the gods and raised her as their own. The parent’s owned a candle shop in the nearby village. There the mermaid grew up into a lovely young lady.
   The mermaid helped her family’s business, by painting beautiful pictures on the candles. It was rumored that anyone who bought one of this candles and lit it at the nearby shrine, would have good fortune sailing. People quickly bought up the mermaid’s candles. Soon word spread far and wide about these auspicious candles, and the village the mermaid lived in prospered.
   A businessman heard these rumors, and the mermaid that supposedly made them. He wanted to make a sideshow off of the mermaid. The businessman found the family that took in the mermaid, and offered to buy her from them. The parents resisted at first. But the businessman was cunning and reminded them that mermaids are considered bad luck. The couple knew this superstition, and having been so blinded by money, agreed to sell their daughter.
   The mermaid was quite filial, and so she continued to paint candles until her departure- though her eyes were so filled with tears, the mermaid could no longer paint detailed pictures and so instead painted them solid red. With everything finalized; the businessman took the mermaid with him, and they left by in a large sailing rig.
   That night, the couple heard a loud knock on the door. A strange woman, whose hair and clothes were soaked to the bone, stood before them. She told them she wanted to buy some candles. When they let the woman in the shop, she immediately picked up the red candles. She bought them and left without another word.
   Later that night, a terrible storm picked up. The sea became so rough that any ship out at sea sank with no found survivors. This included the ship the mermaid had been on. 
   The next day, the remains of a red candle were discovered at the shrine. Every so often a new red candle would take it’s place, and disaster would return with it. No one wanted candles now, and the candle shop was forced to close. No one knew who kept lighting the red candles. Unable to stop it, soon the whole village fell into ruin.

The End.
